---
title: Harjas Sahni Remembers
author: Harjas Sahni
layout: post
---
Today is a really gloomy day for all of us and a day we will always remember. Pritam Kasad Singh Sahni was a great poet and a great man. We all used to call him by the name papaji. He was a very thoughtful,religious, and helpful man. Papaji never thought about himself and he always thought about others which is a very good thing. The thing that surprise me the most is that the day he died it was snowing in Tokyo which is pretty amazing. Me and Aman were both crying hard when he had died.

Me and Aman had lots of good times with papaji and out of all of those we selected something that we remember. Aman used to go walking with papaji in Senzoku lake when papaji was in Japan. She and papaji used to make sand castles together on the playground and they really enjoyed. Me and papaji used walk in Nishikoyama together. I still remember whenever i told papaji to walk faster, he always told me that once we get to the end of the road we will pick up the pace. Once we go to the end of the road he started saying left, right, left, right, left, right and we started marching. Usually we did that the whole way back. Another thing remember is me, papaji, and my dad used to watch movies together in the house. One time me and Aman were walking together in Japan. After walking a lot we went in this store to buy something to eat. We both were only allowed buy one thing and we were suppose to share. Then suddenly me and Aman had gotten in an argument she wanted something else and so did I. Papaji at that time had broken the argument and said whatever I choose is the one you both will eat. Those were some good memories when papaji and chaiji came to Japan. We don't know where papaji could be right now. His soul could be roaming around the place and watching us. Maybe he is in his next life  somewhere in this world. We both loved him from the core of our hearts and we will continue to do so where ever he is.